of all the things in the world of all
the things that our human being can do
why yoga
someone sings a song someone dances
someone writes a book everything that
you do everything that you say
everything that comes out of you is
essentially an expression of who you are
yoga in that way
is diametrically opposite it is not an
expression it is a method it is a means
it is the technology through which you
can change the very shape of who you
really are changing the very
fundamentals of one's existence
[Music]
needle
we'll be Mama's tired
[Music]
- boost
I was
[Music]
these are
yeah
[Music]
you start
my
be funny bunny sweet pea
[Music]
Patanjali Yoga Sutras start in a strange
way and now yoga with alpha sentence
such a great document on life starts
with half a sentence if you still
believe with money everything will be ok
if you still believe with a new house or
a car everything will be ok if you still
believe by getting married or unmarried
everything will be ok
it is not it time for yoga you have seen
all this and you know it does not really
transform this realization that all this
activity can give us opportunities to
find different sort of expressions to
who we are but they are not tools for
transformation and now Europe
drama
beep oh yeah yeah me time
[Music]
I'm Jana
vast ocean
[Music]
yeah
my routine
[Music]
- Ana
oh wait
me
[Music]
Jeannie told her - tomato
me why was time
[Music]
these are
who you are right now is a certain form
physical mental and energy form if you
want to transform and now yoga
[Laughter]